Ive decided that the robot arm Im making is going to be a fatory arm. Basically something that would be part of an asssembly line. The base joint of each finger can rotate 360 degrees so that it can change the position of the fingers based on what it's picking up so that it can get a decent grip, I've also added a divot a the base of the arm so that the base joint of the arm can rotate a little bit farther than it could without it. I'm also going to model the elbow like a ball joint but still have it act like a hinge.

I added indents to the base fo the finger joints as well so that they would be able to bend farther without clipping into the hand part. I also added some deatil bits on the base arm part. I decided to keep the detail to a minmum because When I added more it looked a little to fancy to be a factory arm and it was starting to get a bit farther from the smoother design I had in mind.

I tried to add more detail for the finished arm assignment but the only thing I ended up changing was that I rounded the top of the lower arm section. Everything else I  tried to do kind of messed with the simple design that I wanted but curving the top helped it look a lot less boxy. There was one spot on the back of the arm where I added a box shaped indent that gave me a lot of trouble while I was retopoing. For some reason when I tried to drop dots to retopo thhat section, the model was acting like the indent didn't exist and wouldn't let me place dots or extrude into it properly. I got some funky looking geometry inthere eventually and ended up fixing it after I finished retopoing by moving the vertexes to where they were supposed to be. I also discovered that creating circular indents on a flat surface is a pain especially if the circle used in the bool is oriented in a way that makes it very difficult to retopo.

The main issue that I had with ccreating the UVs was some bad retopoing on the palm part of the had. I thought that I had combined the two meshes into one with the quad draw in all the spots that needed to be connected but apparently I missed a few spots so there were holes in my geometry preventing me from UV mapping. I had to fix all of thos e puls some mistakes I had made while retoping that accidentally created hidden n-gons. With surfacing, I had a couple of issues trying to get the alphas oriented the way I wanted to because I couldnt figure out pull up the manipulation controls. I also had issues trying to get the brushes and masks to work the way I wanted to and also discovered that I had accidentally warped one of the UV maps. The only other issue I had outside of that was figuring out a color scheme for the arm. I tried out a few different ones beofre I settled on white with red accents and black joints.
